hey yo what up
this is dirty figure that uh I always do
all my knives and guns and did some
video games so it's one of the
interesting scars right here I got my
it's my 96 Civic some project cars I've
been working on lately so it's a little
bit rusty been a while since I've worked
on it but uh for a while I was tweaking
on this fourth you know for a good while
um as you can see yet this is actually I
did an engine swap this is about 96
Civic e^x but I swapped it out this is
the b b 16 the japanese version that JDM
got about 10 more horsepower I think 170
or something stock but I've got some
other things on it cold air intake
it's a a EEM gritty strut bar us also
that well if you know what those are but
they're nitrous solenoids got the AEM
fuel filter what else
apex grounding kit oh it's hard to see
it oh but in that in that little vent
right down in there
it's hard to see but you can see my
clutch got a a CT heavy-duty clutch AC a
CT flywheel
I think that does it for the engine bay
I never really did any internals nothing
so yeah that's about it for that I put
some rims I mean this car is I don't
know if you can see but it's been
sitting here for a good long time so
it's kind of rusted and kind of dirty
but I plan on working in working on it
again eventually as you can see got
broken into a couple times
assholes over here they love to steal
civics so you can see they pried the
window open right there pop the locks or
whatever yeah so they tried to steal my
CD player as you can see right there
assholes got a skunk short shifter with
the knob too but I take it off someone
steals it
six days changer all these knobs I'll
show you what they do I'll tell you
first is the nitrous purge this is to
turn on the nitrous so that you don't
activate accidentally and it's the
bottle warmer so I'll show you that
right now
so I kind of use this car as storage to
some bulk as a craft in here but there's
the good stuff it's the nitrous express
thinks that 10 pound bottle still warmer
I don't really need it here in Hawaii
but I mean if it was nighttime for it's
cold it might help
ya know it's uh it's not the stock
exhaust but it's nothing fancy I don't
really like that noisy ass irritating
freakin Civic noise I kind of wanted to
keep and it's my custom paint job right
here call this the cancer paint job but
uh yeah kind of wanted to keep it
looking stock I never dropped it or
anything I Drive like a freakin idiot so
I hit all the potholes and so I'll
just ruin it well yeah if you see
anything on here you want to ask well
let me know you know if that I'll just
leave it at what I just did pretty cool
car
it's not not as fast as I'm from out of
the car to some other car Altima Coupe
it's a lot faster
put a intake on that that's about it
it's pretty much my daily driver and the
Civic is my project but by any means I'm
not a mechanic you know I didn't take
auto mechanic since high school
and I was a big choir geek and
like that so did all this myself
I'm just from reading online luckily my
pops helped me out a little bit some
couple of my engineering friends so not
too bad for someone who's never done
anything like this before
I'm whole engine swap pretty cool oh
yeah anyways it's my civic again if you
guys got any questions let me know on
any of the parts and stuff the cold
intake I mean it helps if you get one
for your car helps on mileage when I put
on my Altima thing got like another you
know I was doing like 19 miles a gallon
or something now and after that I was
getting like 20s a little bit over 20 so
helps a little bit well yeah this is
dirty it's my ride little civic one of
them but uh yeah I'll be trying to pop
out a couple more videos today so so
yeah keep your eye out shoots